At this moment, in different places of the world, people are doing different things.
Hey! In London, it's 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and people are leaving work and are going home.
They're waiting for buses or trains.
Some people are driving home. Some are getting off buses or trains.
Some are having afternoon tea at home or having a drink.
B. In Moscow, it's 8 o'clock in the evening, so people aren't having afternoon tea.
They are having dinner at home or in restaurants.
Some are going to the theatre or watching a film.
Some are watching television or playing games at home.
C. In Beijing, it's 1 o'clock at night, so people aren't having dinner.
Most people are sleeping. Some people are still working and some are going home from work.
D. In Los Angeles, it's 9 o'clock in the morning.
People aren't sleeping. They're working. Children are starting their lessons.
E. In New York, it's 12 o'clock. People aren't working. They're having lunch.
They are eating hamburgers or hot dogs and drinking coffee or cola.
Some people are seeing friends, calling home or shopping.